MAYBE IT'S A METRIC FOOT LONG

At work I don't often go out for lunch.
or Order in for that matter.
I usually pack whatever leftovers I find in my fridge.
This does 2 things.  
I keep the amount of leftovers at a minimum.
And I save myself from spending money I don't need to.
(and don't have)
This day I decided to gout out and pick up a Subway sandwich.
On the wall I saw they were advertising their new sandwich.
The Subway foot long hot dog.

I was tempted but at almost $13  I did not want to spend that kind of money.
So I order the special of the day.
But looking at the poster I remembered every summer of my childhood.
Where in the final weeks before returning to school and joining old friend and meeting new transfers,
The PNE (Pacific National exhibition) came to town.
We were allowed to travel the buses by ourselves even at the age of 6.
Our parents weren't neglectful but to survive in the new land we emigrated to, they put in many long hour at work.
Most of our days and even weekends we became self sufficient.
Occupying our time with the other local kids on the block.

Our parents gave us our spending money and we allocated it to the cost of the bus ride;
Admission was free inthjose days.  Free passes to the exhibition were placed in every report card by the BC schools.
Back then I thought tha was very generaous of them.  now I have become more cynical.
It was how the PNE encouraged attendance.

we were a family of 5 siblings.  And once inside the park we arranged to meet at some recognizable spot in a few hours.
then we would disband and enjoy the fair with the money we had.  always to ensure that we had enough for the bus ride home.

I wa not one for the rides.  as I grew taller I would rid ethe roller coasater.
I enjoyed the Show Mart where vendors extolled the wonders of the Ginsu knives or the speed you can prepare a meal with the hand dandy slicer dicer.
I was in awe of ther smooth patter and the beautiful manipulation of their products.

But I always made sure I had enough money to buy their famous foot long hotdog.
it wasn't like anything we had at home.
firstly it was a foot long.
at the age of 6 I couldn't even imagine where the found buns long enough for the dog.
and they were frilled.
At home ours was always boiled or we at them raw,
but grilled added a whole new dimension.
And they served it with something we never got at home.  Grilled onions.
Standing in line, since I was not the only one drawn towards the concession, the line was long.
and the smeel of the onions was a siren's song.
later one I discovered the carny trick of using cola or orange soda on the nions.
the sugar help caramelized them and the steam was an enticement I could not resist.
Ther has been no other footlong that could match those of my you.

I told my wife of the Subway foot long hog when I got home.
she, being much wittier than I, quipped. 
"Is it really a foot long or the way Subway measures a foot" 